I am not going to ask who designed this...but is it you?
Making every family upside-down...
Please don't crash, Revit, please don't...
Two Ennead architects goes into a bar...
Have you cleaned any Revit warning recently?
Did Bob Ross draft this sheet? A lot of happy accidents I see.. 
Discovering new ways of making you wait.
Your time is very important to us. Please wait while we ignore you.
Still faster than Windows update.
We are not liable for any broken screens as a result of waiting.
Bored of slow loading spinner?, buy more RAM!
Kindly hold on until I finish a cup of coffee.
We will be back in 1/0 minutes.
Why don't you order a sandwich?
Don't panic, Just count to infinite.
Please wait, Your PC is not a superman!
Swapping time and space...
Filtering morale...
Don't think of purple hippos...
The architects are still drafting
We're building the buildings as fast as we can
Checking the gravitational constant in your locale...
Hum something loud while others stare
You're not in Kansas any more
The server is powered by a lemon and two electrodes.
We're testing your patience
Why don't you order a sandwich?
While the satellite moves into position
It's still faster than you could draw it
The last time I tried this the monkey didn't survive. Let's hope it works better this time.
Testing on Timmy... We're going to need another Timmy.
(Insert quarter)
Are we there yet?
Just count to 10
Sorting month alphabetically.
Counting backwards from Infinity
Don't panic...
Do not run! We are your friends!
Warning: Don't set yourself on fire.
We're making you a cookie.
Spinning the wheel of fortune...
Computing chance of success
Looking for exact change
I feel like im supposed to be loading something. . .
Please wait until the sloth starts moving.
I swear it's almost done.
Unicorns are at the end of this road, I promise.
Listening for the sound of one hand clapping...
Making sure all the i's have dots...
Granting wishes...
Spinning the hamster....
Convincing AI not to turn evil..
Wait, do you smell something burning?
Computing the secret to life, the universe, and everything.
I love my job only when I'm on vacation...
Never steal. The government hates competition....
Whenever I find the key to success, someone changes the lock.
Sometimes I think war is God’s way of teaching us geography.
I’ve got problem for your solution....
Constructing additional polylines...
Flipping over every seaturtles...
Locating Waldo in your drawing...
Waiting for paint to dry on the interior...
Waiting for ink to dry...
Everything sounds the same....
Who draw those details...Not good!
I'm going to walk the dog
Dividing by zero...
This is not going anywhere... How is your day so far...
Laughing at your pictures-i mean, loading...
Sending data to NS-i mean, our servers.
Looking for sense of humour, please hold on.
Please wait while the intern refills his coffee.
Distracted by cat gifs
Activating webcam...
Removing cats from my table...
Finding someone to hold my beer
Whatever you do, don't look behind you...
Checking your browsing history...
Loading funny message...
Calling ghostbuster
Flipping 3rd pancake
rescuing spiderman...
Finding work-approperiate jokes from the book..
Replacing all door family with cat family.
You got a coupon for plastic surgury, Congras!!!
Proving star war IV is better than V.
Kidnapped by unicorn..
Downloading coffee to the C drive....
Openning watermelon by hand...
Anti-aliasing instant noodle.
Finding Nemo in all your drawings...
Did you know, trying is the source of all failure.
Recovering from covid-19..
Adding bugs to every Autodesk products...
Do you know where your children are?
DO NOT LOOK AT THIS MESSA...TOO LATE
Feel free to spin in your chair
Go ahead, hold your breath and do an ironman plank till loading complete
Deleting System32 folder
Moving pixel one by one...
Building a wall...
Everything in this universe is either a potato or not a potato
Running with scissors...
Patience! This is difficult, you know...
Your time is very important to us. Please wait while we ignore you...
Discovering new ways of making you wait...
Time flies like an arrow; fruit flies like a banana
TODO: Insert elevator music
Please wait while the minions do their work
Grabbing extra minions
Waking up the minions
Feeding unicorns...
One mississippi, two mississippi...
Don't panic... AHHHHH!
Baking ice cream...
Redirecting to darkweb...
Solving world hunger...
Making sure all the toilet seat is closed in your drawing.